## 1.0.6 2022-09-12
* Prevent SQL injection in strings and column names ([MODLDP-37](https://issues.folio.org/browse/MODLDP-37))

## 1.0.5 2022-07-06
* Expose config data for sqconfig keys
* Update interface version to 1.1

## 1.0.4 2022-07-05
* Add support for both escaped and inline JSON in config objects

## 1.0.3 2022-07-05
* Support "op" in the `columnFilters` entries for inequality searching. Fixes MODLDP-28.
* Change JSON library to JSON-Simple to avoid licensing issues (MODLDP-33)
* Don't transmit passwords or tokens for dbinfo or sqconfig keys in config (MODLDP-25)

## 1.0.2 2022-03-03
* Add personal data disclosure
* Update RAML definitions

## 1.0.1 2021-10-29
* Fix bug with module descriptor not exposing configuration endpoint
* Fix issue with table/schema lookup not returning full schema lists
* Fix db lookup performance issues

## 1.0.0 2021-10-06
* Add separation by-tenant for LDP DB backend connections (MODLDP-3, MODLDP-4, MODLDP-6)
* Add health check endpoint (MODLDP-5)

## 0.0.2 2021-06-18

* Create [RAML file](ramls/ldp.raml), and associated [JSON Schemas and example files](ramls), describing the WSAPI. Fixes #5.
* Write [WSAPI overview documentation](ramls/overview.md). Fixes #6.
* Set up automatic generation of WSAPI documentation. Fixes #8.
* Support `limit` parameter in query. Fixes #7.
* Update top-level [README.md](README.md), including links to autogenerated WSAPI documentation. Fixes #10.
* Quote column names in SQL queries. Fixes #12.
* Use exact matching instead of pattern matching. Fixes #13.
* Support `orderBy` in query structure. Fixes #14.
* Add "checkstyle" linting support (disabled) to the `pom.xml`. Fixes #9. Note that there are many lint errors: the plugin is disabled until I have time to look at these and decide which to fix and which are the result of silly rules.
* Initial release
 
